There is a special value in Python for
none or no meaning,
no value, and
that has the special keyword none.
If I type it in the repo,
I don't get any output,
which when you think about
it kinda makes sense, right?
If I tried to use a variable that I
have not defined in my session at all,
I will get a name error that says,
name goodbye is not defined.
But if I want to have a placeholder
variable, I can go ahead and
say, goodbye is equal the keyword
none with a capital N.
And then it's defined within
the scope of my program
even though it doesn't have a value.
Now, there are three helpful methods in
the repo that you're gonna
end up using all the time.
So if you have a posted note handy for
things that you wanna take
away from this class,
I recommend writing these three down,
I use them all the time, day in, day out.
And these are.
We have help(),
type(), and dir().
Now the first one is going to tell
us what the type of a variable is.
So if I have a number here, I can pass
that into the type built-in method,
and it will return class int,
I can also pass in a value as well.
So if you're not sure about what the type
of something is, either while you're
in the repo or as you're executing code,
you can figure it out this way.
Let's try this with a string.
What will I see when I get back
when I ask for the type of name?
Which built-in class?
>> Str.
>> Str, yes, that's exactly right.
Now that we know the objects type,
we can move on to other methods.
Dir stands for directory,
which means show me the directory of
all the methods that are available for
this type.
And I want to call dir on the type,
not the variable name or
the value of the variable,
but on the type itself.
So in this case, I can ask for the dir of
str, because remember, if I type str my
repo here, I'll see cluster, this is a
built-in type, I don't have to define it.
So when I type dir of str,
I will see all of the methods
that are available on strings.
You can for the most part ignore all of
these that have the double underscores,
those are internal methods
that aren't meant to be used.
And if you take a look at the other ones,
you'll see some really useful ones like
is alpha, meaning does this string only
contain characters and not numbers.
There's a split method for
splitting a string on tokens,
there's a title method for
title casing something.
So that's how you can kind of very quickly
see what is available on the type that
I'm working with.
Now, the last one is super awesome,
because it lets you see documentation for
Python right in your repo without having
to open a browser, figure out what
version you're looking for,
navigate and search, and that is help.
So with help,
you also want to pass in a class.
So if I type help for str, it's gonna
open this up for me, this interface.
I can press space to scroll down,
or I can press Q to quit.
And that is for Linux and Mac systems, it
might be something different in Windows.
So this is a lot of stuff,
this isn't very helpful,
instead I find it helpful to call
help on a particular method.
And I can do that by saying dot and
then picking any one of these.
And that just prints out the help for
that specific method,
and it also shows me what
arguments this method expects.
So is alpha returns true, if the string
is an alphabetic string false.
Otherwise, if you're ever not sure, like
I don't remember the name of that method,
or I don't remember what this does, or
I don't remember what arguments this
accepts, you can always reach for help.
And I believe that you can call
help on values as well, maybe not.
Let's try this out.
Yep, so dir is, sorry.
That is not what I wanted.
I have a file named hi, yeah.
So for help you also want to
make sure that you're passing
in the class and
not like a variable name or a value.
Make sure that you remember
these three commands, and
you will not find yourself too lost.